README.md, before:

# eigenda-client-rs
Rust clients for interacting with EigenDA.

It contains 4 crates

## rust-eigenda-client

Rust client for interacting with EigenDA (V1 implementation).

Read the [rust-eigenda-client Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-client/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-client)

## rust-eigenda-signers

Helper crate with centralized signer implementations.

Read the [rust-eigenda-signers Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-signers/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-signers)

## rust-eigenda-v2-common

Helper crate with definition of multiple types used in the v2 client of EigenDA.

Read the [rust-eigenda-v2-common Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-common/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-common)

## rust-eigenda-v2-client

Rust client for interacting with EigenDA (V2 implementation).

Read the [rust-eigenda-v2-client Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-client/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-client)

Commit message:

docs: readme out-of-date warning (#116)

README.md, after:

# EigenDA Clients

⚠️ These clients are out-of-date and feature-incomplete wrt our golang [clients](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenda/tree/master/api/clients/v2). We do not currently have the bandwidth to maintain these clients given the still fast pace of EigenDA protocol changes. We strongly advise/recommend rust rollups use the [eigenda-proxy](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenda/tree/master/api/proxy) to interface with EigenDA.

Rust clients for interacting with EigenDA. This repo contains 4 crates.

## rust-eigenda-client

Rust client for interacting with EigenDA (V1 implementation).

Read the [rust-eigenda-client Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-client/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-client)

## rust-eigenda-signers

Helper crate with centralized signer implementations.

Read the [rust-eigenda-signers Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-signers/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-signers)

## rust-eigenda-v2-common

Helper crate with definition of multiple types used in the v2 client of EigenDA.

Read the [rust-eigenda-v2-common Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-common/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-common)

## rust-eigenda-v2-client

Rust client for interacting with EigenDA (V2 implementation).

Read the [rust-eigenda-v2-client Readme](/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-client/README.md) for more info about this crate.

You can find the published crate on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/rust-eigenda-v2-client)
